In this war for the life or death of the German people, we must daily remember that Jewry unleashed this war on us. It makes no difference whether he faced us as a Bolshevist or as a plutocrat, as a Freemason or with some other disguise, or even without a mask at all: he always is the same. He is the one who incited and confused the various peoples opposing us today, making them into more or less helpless tools of international Jewry. Particularly in this fifth year of war, we may not permit ourselves to overlook the Jewish question in any way.

Before the takeover of power, Germany was wide open to the Jews. They could live here unhindered and were as free as all other citizens. National Socialism, however, declared war on the Jews and immediately after the takeover of power the Jew was excluded from every part of German national life. You who do not know what life in Germany was like before 1933 cannot even imagine the radical changes that brought about in the entire public life of our people. Jewish teachers disappeared from schools, Jewish attorneys from courtrooms, Jewish doctors from hospitals, but above all Jewish profiteers and big capitalists from business life. Many of you will ask how all this could happen, how could the Jew infiltrate these positions in such numbers, although he was only a small number in comparison to the German people. Why must he think and act differently than we? This evening meeting will provide an answer. Only one who knows the Jew can fight against him and win.

We still meet individuals of our people who see the Jew only as a member of another religion. That is a serious mistake that has to be completely eliminated. The Jews have known how to conceal themselves by using the lie they themselves invented, so successfully that in the past generation it was thought unrefined to even mention the Jewish question. Today, however, we know that Jewry is most deeply distinguished from the German people by its racial nature. The NSDAP has repeated this fact since it began its existence. In hard, pitiless struggle it educated the German people about the true nature of Jewry. Today we know that the Jew does not belong racially to us or other European peoples. He is also not a separate race as such, but rather a mixing of races that occurred a long time ago, long before our era. This racial mixture includes characteristics of the Middle Eastern and Asian race, but also Negro characteristics and various other elements. The interaction of these various races determined the character and appearance of the Jew, as we still know at least from reports and pictures.

He first came to Germany as a livestock dealer or peddler. We know that Eastern Jews first crossed the boarder with caftan, hair locks, and a black cap, intending to slowly but surely to transform themselves into what they thought were ordinary Europeans. They still seemed foreign to the German people. They had bowed legs, they mumbled, and always appeared unwashed to us. As they began their social rise they showed off, the women, but also the men, wearing excessive jewelry. Over time, many learned to conceal themselves more cleverly. They learned how to hide their physical failings through fine clothing and elegant behavior, becoming even more dangerous for us. Two statements by great Germans reveal to us the character of the Jew. Philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer called them “the great masters of lying” and Königsberg philosopher Kant said that they were “a people of merchants and swindlers.” Their goal is entirely directed at gaining possessions, and particularly money. They see that as the best fortune they can have. That is why they want to rule all other peoples on the earth. To encourage this drive for world domination, they are always reminded of their law, also called the Torah, which is reflected in the Talmud. There it is forever ordained that Jews are the chosen people, that they are the leaders of this world, and that the universe itself exists only because of the Jews. Their God Jahwe gives them rule over all Gentiles, who should be persecuted, hated, held in contempt. The Jew may kill, rape, and corrupt the blood of Gentiles. All that earns Jahwe’s praise and serves the goal of becoming rulers of the whole world. The Jew should be a trouble-maker and warmonger, he should build a state within the state. He should jewdify Gentile life, but should remain a Jew himself. As long as he maintains the purity of his own blood, he can murder, steal, be a profiteer, lie, intentionally mislead, bribe, and smuggle. The Jews gave these laws to themselves and they have lived according to them for centuries. It is obvious to us that people of this nature do not see work as a duty, something with great value. The Jew prefers to engage in commerce and leaves work to others. He does not want to build values, but rather to heap up money that serves the goal of world domination.

At the beginning of their struggle, the NSDAP — and the Führer in particular — always called the Jew a parasite. The so-called ‘educated circles” responded with mockery. They rejected the Führer’s argument that all of humanity had to suffer because of Jewry’s parasitic nature. They had a lot of fun mocking such “fanatics.”

In order to properly understand this claim, we must first make clear what a parasite is. Most of you know the expression from the plant and animal kingdoms. The word parasite comes from the Greek and in German is translated as “fellow eater” or parasite (Schmarotzer). In nature, nearly all plants get the nourishment they need from the soil. However, there are plants that suck what they need from other plants. That slows the growth of their hosts and may even kill them. That, of course, removes their own source of life. Mistletoe is a plant that you can see on trees. It is such a parasite, as is the tapeworm among animals. Science today has discovered that viruses and bacteria are also parasites that can survive only at the cost of their hosts. Nature is in constant battle against parasites. Plants and animals defend themselves with all their resources against these foreign bodies. A person, too, has an instinctive aversion to all types of parasites. The body constantly makes defensive substances. That was known for a long time, yet people did not believe the Führer’s warnings. They found it uncomfortable to hear the Führer say: “If a person believes he can get along with a parasite, it is like a tree attempting to form a beneficial alliance with mistletoe.” The Jew works to infiltrate the peoples and hollow them out. He fights with his weapons, with lies and slander, poison and discord. He intensifies the battle until the bloody extermination of his hated foes. We say today, and forever more: The Jew is the parasite among the peoples! He can as a parasite attack individuals, whole people, indeed, all of humanity. Examples from nature teach us, however, that we have no other choice that to combat him with all our strength and finally to destroy him. 