In this war for the very existence of the German people, we must daily remind ourselves that Jewry unleashed this war against us. It makes no difference if the Jew conceals himself as a Bolshevist or a plutocrat, a Freemason or uses some other form of concealment, or even appears without any mask at all: he always remains the same. He is the one who so agitated and spiritually influenced the peoples that stand against us today such that they have become more or less spineless tools of International Jewry.

The ways in which the Jew has brought large peoples and states against us has already been made clear in two previous pamphlets, The Fateful Battle in the East and Europe and America. These proved the case for those two states. Both are, therefore, the introductions to this pamphlet, The Jew as World Parasite, At the beginning of the war’s sixth year, we may not permit ourselves to neglect the Jewish question in any way. First of all, we must always combat the remnants of past education, the once general view in which Jewry is seen only as a religious denomination. Instead, the racial mixture that is Jewry must be emphasized. The religious beliefs of the Jews are completely irrelevant. Instead, we must focus solely on blood, on the racial foundation.

From the beginning of its existence, the National Socialist German Workers’ Party has always attempted to educate the German people about these facts. As early as 1922 the Führer said: “We were also those who for the first time made major efforts to explain to the people a danger that had crept up on us, and which millions of people did not recognize, even though it threatened to ruin us all: the danger of the Jews.” In his book Mein Kampf (p. 335), he said: “Over the long term, he can preserve his existence within other peoples only if he succeeds in persuading them that he is not a people, but only a ‘religious community,’ albeit a peculiar one.”

The first and greatest lie, that Jewry is not a racial question, but a religion, inevitably leads to further lies. Another lie concerns the Jew’s language. It is not a way for him to express his thoughts, but rather a means to conceal them. Although he may speak German, French, or some other language, he thinks in a Jewish way. He may spout German poetry, but he remains a member of his race. Heinrich Heine is the best example.

The importance of such comprehensive educational activity, which was carried out even before the NSDAP by some decent Germans, can best be seen in our people’s recent history. Past generations saw even the mention of the Jewish Question as impolite. One intentionally ignored all these questions, even if the individual Jew was usually perceived instinctively as a foreign body.

Why do we Germans, and almost we alone, fight Jewry so energetically? Why in the course of German history have there always been times when the German element turns against Jewry? Alfred Rosenberg, in his book The Path of the Jew throughout History, provides the answer: “There is probably no nation in Europe in which people’s inner nature is so deep, and so influential, as in the German people. In its depths, therefore, it is the spiritual opposite of the Jews...”

Despite that, the power of Jewry and its supporters grew so great in the German people that it lead to the collapse in 1918. The primary cause for this was the large increase in the population of our people, combined with growing liberal tendencies, which led more and more Germans to misperceive the fact of the racial problem, and thus become indifferent to the Jewish danger.

The National Socialist worldview has in recent years opened the eyes of the greater part of our people to this problem. The German people has recognized that the Jew has crept in like a parasite not only into our people, but into all the peoples of the earth, and that it is attempting to corrupt the original racial characteristics of the peoples in order to destroy them both racially and as states, and thereby rule over them.

It is, nonetheless, false if one German or another concludes that since the Jew has been eliminated from German politics, that Jewish influence has also been entirely eliminated from our thinking and conduct. One even sometimes hears the superficial view that things are the same in other peoples of the world, since they have followed our example. That is true in only a few cases. Instead, we must remember that according to reliable statistics, there are about 16 million religious Jews in the world, 10 million of whom live in Europe alone, almost three fifths of the total. Another 4.5 million live in America, 800,000 in Asia, 530,000 in Africa, 25,000 in Australia. These figures alonge prove that the Jewish danger is particularly great in Europe. It is also clear why the dramatic growth of Jewry in America is such a danger for us. The Jew is establishing his main forces in the Western Hemisphere, from where he believes he will be able to continue to wage war against us from a secure position.

Despite the fact that he feels so secure, at least for the moment, the Jew is thinking hard about why the awakened peoples of Europe are defending themselves against him. Nothing reveals his uncertainty about the path his laws dictate to world denomination than what we often read in the works of Jewish authors.

It is in part this uncertainty that drives the Jews to pursue their goal of world domination more quickly and more consistently. Even Goethe wrote: “The Jew will not spare us.” We can be sure that this is more true today than ever before. In the book by the Jews Zangwill and Roth titled Now and Forever, a conversation reveals what the Jewish world parasite sees as its final goal, world domination [the book referred to is Now and Forever: a Conversation with Mr. Israel Zangwill on the Jew and the Future (New York: R. M. McBride, 1925)]. With all the passion in the Jewish breast, the book tells the story of a Jew out for revenge. He wanders from country to country, gathering his forces, at the head of which he ruins Europe with sadistic horror and lust for destruction, this Europe that will not bow to the Jew, but instead stands in the way of his path to world domination.

We National Socialists believe the Führer when he says that at the end of the battle, unleashed on us as his strongest adversary by the Jewish world parasite, the Jewish race in Europe will be destroyed. Until this destruction occurs, we must always remember that the Jew is our absolute enemy who will shrink at nothing. He knows but a single goal: our complete destruction.